# Feedback on the Proposal (Milestone 1: Analysis)

Team name: Penguins

Scope of the proposed improvements: Good

Proposal:
While you are doing a good job describing the current behavior of the application and changes you plan to make from a users perspective, the proposal is vague on the current and planned design. When you report on your work at the end of the “Improvement 1” sprint, make sure to include more details, including some diagrams (such as pictures of the UI, UML class/sequence diagrams).

# Revision of proposal:


# Milestone 2 (Improvement 1) Presentation

- explanation of problems tackeled and solution: good
- demo/screenshots: good
- (UML) diagrams: good

# Milestone 3 (Improvement 2) Presentation

- explanation of problems tackeled and solution: good
- demo/screenshots: good
- (UML) diagrams: ok

# Implementation

- [x] runs (gradle run)
- [1/2] evidence of testing
- [x] scope is sufficient given time constraints
- [x] proposed functionality works (to a sufficient degree)
- [1/2] documentation

Attempts to update tests, but tests fail/don't compile. No script for testing UI changes.

Documentation: Readme not updated. No information on how to test/run application, such as example user names. Some methods in new classes are missing documentation.

# Use of git

- [x] commits throughout the project period
- [x] good use of (feature) branches
- [1/2] repo contains only appropriate files: no files generated by build process, IDE, OS; no dependencies, no gradle installation
- [x] informative commit messages

Commits throughout project period, but somewhat unevenly distributed across team members.

.DS_Store folders in repository

# Grading

- Milestone 1 (Analysis)
    - 1/1 shared git
    - 1/1 team contract
    - 2/2 collection of issues
    - 4/5 proposal
- Milestone 2 (Improvement 1)
    - 5/5 presentation
    - 2/2 implementation
- Milestone 3 (Improvement 2)
    - 2/2 revision of team contract and proposal
    - 4.5/5 presentation
    - 4/5 implementation
    - 5/5 use of git

Total: 30.5/33
